Rewrite of the PSK section in Usage Guide (#3864)
aws/s2n-tls: docs/USAGE-GUIDE.md

### Configuring External Pre-Shared Keys

> Both clients and servers will need to create and append a PSK to a connection in order to negotiate that PSK. Call `s2n_external_psk_new()` to allocate memory for a PSK object. Call `s2n_psk_set_identity()` to set a unique identifier for the PSK. Note that this identity will be transmitted over the network unencrypted, so do not include any confidential information in it. Call `s2n_psk_set_secret()` to set the secret value for a given PSK. Deriving a shared secret from a password or other low-entropy source is _not_ secure and is subject to dictionary attacks. Call `s2n_psk_set_hmac()` to change the default PSK hmac algorithm (**S2N_PSK_HMAC_SHA256**) for a given PSK. Note that the hmac algorithm may influence server cipher-suite selection.

Author: I think that's outside of the scope here. We do provide some guidelines about what not to do. I would rather not get into writing docs on how to generate a secure PSK since s2n won't do that for you, seems like people should look to the libcrypto they're using for guidelines there.

> Both clients and servers will need to create and append a PSK to a connection in order to negotiate that PSK. Call `s2n_external_psk_new()` to allocate memory for a PSK object. Call `s2n_psk_set_identity()` to set a unique identifier for the PSK. Note that this identity will be transmitted over the network unencrypted, so do not include any confidential information in it. Call `s2n_psk_set_secret()` to set the secret value for a given PSK. Deriving a shared secret from a password or other low-entropy source is _not_ secure and is subject to dictionary attacks. Call `s2n_psk_set_hmac()` to change the default PSK hmac algorithm (**S2N_PSK_HMAC_SHA256**) for a given PSK. Note that the hmac algorithm may influence server cipher-suite selection.

Reviewer: Don't we provide minimal guidlines for STEKs? Maybe we should provide the same level for PSKs.

> Both clients and servers will need to create and append a PSK to a connection in order to negotiate that PSK. Call `s2n_external_psk_new()` to allocate memory for a PSK object. Call `s2n_psk_set_identity()` to set a unique identifier for the PSK. Note that this identity will be transmitted over the network unencrypted, so do not include any confidential information in it. Call `s2n_psk_set_secret()` to set the secret value for a given PSK. Deriving a shared secret from a password or other low-entropy source is _not_ secure and is subject to dictionary attacks. Call `s2n_psk_set_hmac()` to change the default PSK hmac algorithm (**S2N_PSK_HMAC_SHA256**) for a given PSK. Note that the hmac algorithm may influence server cipher-suite selection.

Reviewer: Can you write "pre-shared key (PSK)" the first time you use the term?

"to change the default PSK hmac algorithm (**S2N_PSK_HMAC_SHA256**) for a given PSK" -> "to change the hmac algorithm (defaults to **S2N_PSK_HMAC_SHA256**) for a given PSK"

> Both clients and servers will need to create and append a PSK to a connection in order to negotiate that PSK. Call `s2n_external_psk_new()` to allocate memory for a PSK object. Call `s2n_psk_set_identity()` to set a unique identifier for the PSK. Note that this identity will be transmitted over the network unencrypted, so do not include any confidential information in it. Call `s2n_psk_set_secret()` to set the secret value for a given PSK. Deriving a shared secret from a password or other low-entropy source is _not_ secure and is subject to dictionary attacks. Call `s2n_psk_set_hmac()` to change the default PSK hmac algorithm (**S2N_PSK_HMAC_SHA256**) for a given PSK. Note that the hmac algorithm may influence server cipher-suite selection.

Author: Yeah I mean, in the session resumption section we direct users to a RFC which provides some guidelines on [secrets](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5077#section-5.5). Should I just link to that? My hesitation is that that RFC was written for ticket keys, so it doesn't exactly fit this usecase.

> Both clients and servers will need to create and append a PSK to a connection in order to negotiate that PSK. Call `s2n_external_psk_new()` to allocate memory for a PSK object. Call `s2n_psk_set_identity()` to set a unique identifier for the PSK. Note that this identity will be transmitted over the network unencrypted, so do not include any confidential information in it. Call `s2n_psk_set_secret()` to set the secret value for a given PSK. Deriving a shared secret from a password or other low-entropy source is _not_ secure and is subject to dictionary attacks. Call `s2n_psk_set_hmac()` to change the default PSK hmac algorithm (**S2N_PSK_HMAC_SHA256**) for a given PSK. Note that the hmac algorithm may influence server cipher-suite selection.

Reviewer: Looks like there's a PSK version: https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9257.html#name-recommendations-for-externa
That's a really written informational document we should definitely link somewhere.

> Both clients and servers will need to create and append a PSK to a connection in order to negotiate that PSK. Call `s2n_external_psk_new()` to allocate memory for a PSK object. Call `s2n_psk_set_identity()` to set a unique identifier for the PSK. Note that this identity will be transmitted over the network unencrypted, so do not include any confidential information in it. Call `s2n_psk_set_secret()` to set the secret value for a given PSK. Deriving a shared secret from a password or other low-entropy source is _not_ secure and is subject to dictionary attacks. Call `s2n_psk_set_hmac()` to change the default PSK hmac algorithm (**S2N_PSK_HMAC_SHA256**) for a given PSK. Note that the hmac algorithm may influence server cipher-suite selection.

Author: 😮  I've never seen this before, very nice.

> Call `s2n_connection_append_psk()` to append the newly created PSK to the connection. Both server and client should call this API to add PSKs to their connection. The order this API is called matters, as PSKs that are appended first will be more preferred than PSKs appended last. Use `s2n_psk_free()` to free the memory allocated for this PSK once you have associated it with a connection.

Author: Some of these suggestions are just filler words, which is just writing style differences. 😉 But I'll rewrite this a bit.

> Call `s2n_connection_append_psk()` to append the newly created PSK to the connection. Both server and client should call this API to add PSKs to their connection. The order this API is called matters, as PSKs that are appended first will be more preferred than PSKs appended last. Use `s2n_psk_free()` to free the memory allocated for this PSK once you have associated it with a connection.

Reviewer: Do we want to specify "more preferred by the default PSK selection logic"? Order might not matter if they write their own selection logic.

> External PSKs and Session Resumption cannot both be used in TLS13. Therefore, users must pick which mode they are using by calling `s2n_config_set_psk_mode()` prior to selecting a PSK. Additionally `s2n_connection_set_psk_mode()` overrides the PSK mode set on the config for a particular connection.

Reviewer 2: Is this suggested change what was meant? From reading this I wasn't sure if `s2n_config_set_psk_mode` was supposed to be called before calling `s2n_connection_append_psk` or before a PSK was chosen by the connection.

```suggestion
External PSKs and Session Resumption cannot both be used in TLS13. Therefore, users must pick which mode they are using by calling `s2n_config_set_psk_mode()` prior to a PSK being selected by the connection. Additionally, `s2n_connection_set_psk_mode()` overrides the PSK mode set on the config for a particular connection.
```

### Retrieve the Negotiated Pre-Shared Key

> 

Reviewer: Does this really still need its own section?
